src/app.md, before:

# Encointer Wallet App

<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/encointer/encointer-wallet-flutter/master/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png height=500/>

The Encointer app is all that users need to participate in a local community. It serves as a wallet and lets you participate in Encointer ceremonies.  

## Install

### Android

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="55">](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.encointer.wallet/)
     
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="55">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.encointer.wallet)
    
### iOS

<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/encointer-wallet/id1535471655?itsct=apps_box_badge&amp;itscg=30200" style="display: inline-block; overflow: hidden; border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"><img src="https://tools.applemediaservices.com/api/badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us?size=250x83&amp;releaseDate=1619049600&h=f616bcfbdbf4c04f0ca6524a2a683d4b" alt="Download on the App Store" style="border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"></a>

### KaiOS

Feature phone support planned in the future

## Usage

Our preliminary instructions:

* [Onboarding](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-OnboardingInstructions-080522-0709.pdf)
* [Backup and restore your account](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-BackupandRestoreAccount-230422-1443.pdf)
* [Inviting and endorsing newcomers](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-InvitingandEndorsingInstructions-080522-0710.pdf)
* [Ceremony Instructions: How to collect Community-Issued Income](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-CeremonyInstructions-080522-0708.pdf)

## Acknowledgements

Encointer Wallet is based on previous work by [polkawallet.io](https://polkawallet.io)

Commit message:

Update tutorials (#7)
* add phone support comment for dumbphones

* update tutorials

* major rework of tutorials and protocol docs

src/app.md, after:

# Encointer Wallet App

<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/encointer/encointer-wallet-flutter/master/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png height=500/>

The Encointer app is all that users need to participate in a local community. It serves as a wallet and lets you participate in Encointer ceremonies.  

## Install

### Android

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="55">](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.encointer.wallet/)
     
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="55">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.encointer.wallet)
    
### iOS

<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/encointer-wallet/id1535471655?itsct=apps_box_badge&amp;itscg=30200" style="display: inline-block; overflow: hidden; border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"><img src="https://tools.applemediaservices.com/api/badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us?size=250x83&amp;releaseDate=1619049600&h=f616bcfbdbf4c04f0ca6524a2a683d4b" alt="Download on the App Store" style="border-radius: 13px; width: 250px; height: 83px;"></a>

### Feature Phones: KaiOS

Feature phone support planned in the future

### Dumb Phones: USSD

For the most simple category of phones we plan support in the future by using a [USSD gateway](https://github.com/encointer/encointer-wallet-flutter/issues/130)

## Usage

Our preliminary instructions:

* [Onboarding](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-OnboardingInstructions-080522-0709.pdf)
* [Backup and restore your account](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-BackupandRestoreAccount-230422-1443.pdf)
* [Inviting and endorsing newcomers](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-InvitingandEndorsingInstructions-080522-0710.pdf)
* [Ceremony Instructions: How to collect Community-Issued Income](https://encointer.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/ENCOINTER-CeremonyInstructions-080522-0708.pdf)

## Acknowledgements

Encointer Wallet is based on previous work by [polkawallet.io](https://polkawallet.io)
