src/gesell-local-setup.md, before:

# Gesell local setup
Note: You can find more detailed instructions on how to build and run the node on the [encointer-node repository](https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node).

### Build node 
Clone the [encointer-node repository](https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node) and cd into it:
```console
git clone https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node.git
cd encointer-node
```
Install Rust: 
```console
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
```
Install required tools:
```console
./scripts/init.sh
```
Build the node:
```console
cargo build --release
```
## Launch Gesell node
Run dev node locally

```console
./target/release/encointer-node-notee --dev --tmp --enable-offchain-indexing true --ws-port 9945 --rpc-methods unsafe
```
`--dev` sets up a developer node [chain specification](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/integrate/chain-spec) </br>
`--tmp` saves all active data for the node (keys, blockchain database, networking info, ...) and is deleted as soon as you properly terminate your node. </br>
`--offchain-indexing` is needed for the custom rpc call `communities_getAll` </br>
`--rpc-methods unsafe` is needed for the bazaar's business and offering aggregation rpcs. </br>
The node is by default listening on port 9944, but you can add the option `--ws-port xxxx` to configure the node to listen to port xxxx.

Commit message:

refactoringclient description from gesell tutorial to gesell local setup

src/gesell-local-setup.md, after:

# Gesell local setup
Note: You can find more detailed instructions on how to build and run the node and cli client on the [encointer-node repository](https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node).

## Build node 
Clone the [encointer-node repository](https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node) and cd into it:
```console
git clone https://github.com/encointer/encointer-node.git
cd encointer-node
```
Install Rust: 
```console
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
```
Install required tools:
```console
./scripts/init.sh
```
Build the node:
```console
cargo build --release
```
## Launch Gesell node
Run dev node locally

```console
./target/release/encointer-node-notee --dev --tmp --enable-offchain-indexing true --ws-port 9945 --rpc-methods unsafe
```
`--dev` sets up a developer node [chain specification](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/integrate/chain-spec) </br>
`--tmp` saves all active data for the node (keys, blockchain database, networking info, ...) and is deleted as soon as you properly terminate your node. </br>
`--offchain-indexing` is needed for the custom rpc call `communities_getAll` </br>
`--rpc-methods unsafe` is needed for the bazaar's business and offering aggregation rpcs. </br>
The node is by default listening on port 9944, but you can add the option `--ws-port xxxx` to configure the node to listen to port xxxx.

## CLI Client
After the node is running, try out the client (from the root folder of the encointer-node repository):
```console
./target/release/encointer-client-notee -h
```
This should output all possible client commands. 

If you want to use the client to communicate with the remote chain, add the chain url and specify the port. The following command will get the current phase from the remote chain.
```console
./target/release/encointer-client-notee -u wss://gesell.encointer.org -p 443 get-phase
```
