src/support-us-nominate.md, before:

# Nominate

## Easy: Nominate with our Pools

Starting from 1 DOT or 1.66 mKSM you can earn staking rewards by joining our nomination pools.

Stake DOT on Polkadot: 
* join our **Encointer Copepod** pool [using js/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fpolkadot.rpc.subquery.network%2Fpublic%2Fws#/extrinsics/decode/0x27000700e40b540213010000)

Stake KSM on Kusama:
* join our **Encointer Plankton** pool [using js/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fkusama.api.onfinality.io%2Fpublic-ws#/extrinsics/decode/0x2900070010a5d4e8c2000000)

You will earn staking rewards and by doing so, you support Encointer's validators and those of friends who supported Encointer in the past with their votes or otherwise.

## Nominate our Validators Directly

If you are lucky to own substantial amounts of DOT or KSM, we encourage you to selectively nominate our validators directly:

Kusama Validators:
* `HQGpmN3FNykmM131vDkuvukLq7g1bDud96H5vvGcUsF4WiU` **ENCOINTER/KV1**
* `D9EKgv21LBMMzkrLZWMrGLhQPsQhwEeV2tVhwwow6W9ZCbx` **ENCOINTER/KV2**

Polkadot Validators:
* `165NJXk1HKxeFPbNK3ZEsgRPoGTkxMU9DyteK3cE7AGt7xrJ` **ENCOINTER/PV1**

Commit message:

pimp nomination infor with DN nomination

src/support-us-nominate.md, after:

# Nominate

Our validators have a proven track record and we have been selected for the first cohort of the [decentralized nodes programme](https://nodes.web3.foundation/) by the web3foundation. Stake your DOT and KSM with us and chill!

While earning staking rewards, you're supporting Encointer at the same time because our validator operation gives us recurring income through commissions.

## Easy: Nominate with our Pools

Starting from 1 DOT or 1.66 mKSM you can earn staking rewards by joining our nomination pools.

Stake DOT on Polkadot: 
* join our **Encointer Copepod** pool [using js/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fpolkadot.rpc.subquery.network%2Fpublic%2Fws#/extrinsics/decode/0x27000700e40b540213010000)

Stake KSM on Kusama:
* join our **Encointer Plankton** pool [using js/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fkusama.api.onfinality.io%2Fpublic-ws#/extrinsics/decode/0x2900070010a5d4e8c2000000)

You will earn staking rewards and by doing so, you support Encointer's validators and those of friends who supported Encointer in the past with their votes or otherwise.

## Nominate our Validators Directly

If you are lucky to own substantial amounts of DOT or KSM, we encourage you to selectively nominate our validators directly:

Kusama Validators:
* `HQGpmN3FNykmM131vDkuvukLq7g1bDud96H5vvGcUsF4WiU` **ENCOINTER/KV1**
* `D9EKgv21LBMMzkrLZWMrGLhQPsQhwEeV2tVhwwow6W9ZCbx` **ENCOINTER/KV2**

Polkadot Validators:
* `165NJXk1HKxeFPbNK3ZEsgRPoGTkxMU9DyteK3cE7AGt7xrJ` **ENCOINTER/PV1**
