src/testnet-gesell.md, before:

# Testnet Gesell
Gesell is our first testnet. It allows you to bootstrap new local currencies and perform regular proof-of-personhood ceremonies that give participants a universal basic income. This network is meant for testing with bot populations in order to audit and stress-test the protocol. Gesell does not give you the privacy that later networks will provide. We do not expect real physical meetups to happen on this network except occasional demo meetups. 

## Design

Gesell is based on [substrate](https://substrate.dev/) and its nodes consist of four *pallets*

![Gesell](./fig/Testnet-Gesell-Component-Interactions.svg)

### Scheduler

Keeps track of time and maintains the ceremony state-machine phase changes.

### Currencies

Registry for all local currencies with their properties and meetup locations

### Balances

The individual's account balances in all currencies, featuring [demurrage](./economics-demurrage.md).

### Ceremonies

Where participants register for ceremonies. Assignment of meetups and issuance of UBI upon proof-of-personhood.

Commit message:

general update and overhaul with claude (#19)
* general update and overhaul with claude

* gov

* offline privacy

src/testnet-gesell.md, after:

# Testnet Gesell
Gesell is the Encointer testnet. It allows you to bootstrap new local currencies and perform regular proof-of-personhood ceremonies that give participants a universal basic income. This network is meant for testing with bot populations in order to audit and stress-test the protocol. Gesell does not provide privacy for transactions. We do not expect real physical meetups to happen on this network except occasional demo meetups.

## Design

Gesell is a standalone [Substrate](https://substrate.io/)-based chain (not a parachain) running the same pallets as the [Kusama mainnet](./parachain-kusama.md) but with accelerated timing.

### Core pallets

- **Scheduler** — Keeps track of time and maintains the ceremony state-machine phase changes
- **Communities** — Registry for all local currencies with their properties and meetup locations
- **Balances** — Account balances in all currencies, featuring [demurrage](./economics-demurrage.md)
- **Ceremonies** — Participant registration, meetup assignment, attestation and reward issuance

### Governance and economy pallets

- **Democracy** — [On-chain governance](./protocol-democracy.md) with adaptive quorum biasing
- **Faucet** — [Token dispensers](./tutorials-faucets.md) for proof-of-personhood holders
- **Treasuries** — [Community treasuries](./protocol-treasuries.md) with democratic spending proposals
- **Reputation Commitments** — Tracks which ceremony attendances have been committed for specific purposes

### Advanced feature pallets

- **Reputation Rings** — [Ring-VRF based anonymous proof of personhood](./protocol-reputation-rings.md)
- **Offline Payment** — [ZK-proof based offline transfers](./protocol-offline-payments.md)
- **Bazaar** — On-chain [business and offering registry](./bazaar.md)

### Timing

On Gesell, the ceremony cycle is compressed to 30 minutes (10 minutes per phase) to enable rapid testing. See [time warping](./deployments.md#time-warping-for-testnets) for details.
